{\rtf1\ansi\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f18\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f281\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}{\colortbl;}{\stylesheet{\snext0\f18\fs22\fi0\li0\ri0\ql\widctlpar{\*\stloverrides\f18\fs22\widctlpar} Normal;}{\s1\sbasedon0\snext0\f18\fs28\b\kerning28\fi0\li0\ri0\ql\keepn\widctlpar\sb240\sa60{\*\stloverrides\fs28\b\kerning28\keepn\sb240\sa60\outlinelevel0} heading 1;}{\s2\sbasedon0\snext0\f18\fs24\b\i\fi0\li0\ri0\ql\keepn\widctlpar\sb240\sa60{\*\stloverrides\fs24\b\i\keepn\sb240\sa60\outlinelevel1} heading 2;}{\s3\sbasedon0\snext0\f18\fs22\b\fi0\li0\ri0\ql\keepn\widctlpar\sb240\sa60{\*\stloverrides\b\keepn\sb240\sa60\outlinelevel2} heading 3;}{\*\cs4\additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs5\additive\sbasedon4\super Footnote Reference;}{\*\cs6\additive\sbasedon4\super Endnote Reference;}}{\*\listtable}{\*\listoverridetable}{\*\generator Atlantis Word Processor 3.2.13.4;}{\info{\creatim\yr2021\mo7\dy25\hr21\min55\sec2}{\revtim\yr2021\mo7\dy25\hr21\min57\sec20}{\author washi}}\htmautsp\useltbaln\alntblind\ftnbj\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnnrlc\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\pgndec\pgncont\sftnbj\sftnstart1\sftnrstcont\sftnnar\saftnstart1\saftnrstcont\saftnnrlc\sectfullsaved\fet0\pard\plain\f281\fs24\qc\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\f18\fs22\b FLASH EMR\b0\\ql\\I have an application that was built to document clinical encounters in a medical office.  It is very old (? 15 years).  It runs off of a thumb drive and used to work well in the Windows 7 environment.  \\Just for clarification, the project is called "Flash" because it runs off of a flash drive.  I also refer to "Flash" below in reference to Adobe Flash.  Different concepts. \\Not being a developer, I do not understand how it's built but I had a developer work on it a bit and change a few things.  This is his description of the program:\\\i "The interface is in HTML and CSS, and the backend is done in Javascript. Data is managed by XML files. The exe file basically just acts like a browser page that interprets the files, displays the pages, and transitions from one to another. It's like an offline website. I believe the exe file is written in Visual Basic.  The code is very well-written I think I can study it's structure and edit stuff in it, but I won't be able to use react or node.  UI is HTML and CSS. It would be easy to change it, but it might take some time just to make sure that changing something doesn't affect the backend code (for example, changing the ID of a div container that is being used in Javascript will result in an error).  It is a simple program in its structure. Creating the program pages as HTML pages and running them in a web container is a simple and easy way to design a software. The advantage is, as you said, since it doesn't require installing, you can run it from an external device and on multiple devices without losing data. However, it provides a lot of functions, which makes it look complex as there are so many files to trace, I think, but it is so well-implemented.  Given that the source code is already there (HTML, CSS, and JS files), I'd say changes are doable. This application is really well implemented and that facilitates editing it.  Since the flash program used to work before, I believe it would be easy to get it back to work and fix the bugs. As I said, it is well written and the code is commented which makes it easy to understand how it works. I can fix the errors for you so that you can use it.  I switched the code from using MSXML 4.0, which is a service pack for windows to MSXML 3.0.  Sounds weird but actually versions 3.0 and 6.0 and the ones that are maintained. Versions 4.0 and 5.0 are not supported anymore."\\i0\\i "I'm going to be honest with you. If you are planning on moving to a web application, then I think it would be a waste of resources to work on or add new functionalities to the current flash program, as I believe whoever is going to develop the web application in a modern language will try to avoid using code from the current flash since its kinda outdated (if you look at React.js which is modern for example it probably wasn't there when the current flash program was being developed). Otherwise there will be not point of using a modern language if the same files from the old flash are going to be reused. My advice to you if you are opting for a web application is to start looking for a company or a developer who is willing to work on the project and continue to use the current flash until the web application is ready. I can help you with minor enhancements if for example a function in the current flash doesn't work but major changes will be pointless in my opinion.   However, if you are planning on making a web application, I think adding new features to the flash program wouldn't be the best way to invest your resources. But it all comes back to what you want to do. I can certainly modify the flash program."\\i0\He then made some nice changes but I've essentially lost contact with this developer as he's been so busy and unable to work further on the project.  I tried to open the program and it would not run.  Remembering that it required Adobe Flash and Adobe SVG and they recently stopped supporting it and Windows is uninstalling it, I contacted him again to see if this was the problem and this was his reply:\\\i "So I've been playing around with Flash as it wasn't working on my laptop either. It turns out it is indeed the Flash abandonment that is causing the issue, but it is not related to svg. There is a folder called "flash" that includes flash player files which are used in the interface. Apparently these are not running. I forgot that the software is HTML pages and the exe file is like a browser window. Since Abode flash player was abandoned, the browsers are prevented from running flash files. Actually, if you change the date on your computer to last year, Flash will work just fine.  I was looking for ways to migrate from flash to HTML5 but sadly none turned out to be successful as I don't have the source code for the flash files."\\i0\So I am looking to build a new application.  But it would be nice to get this program to work.  Furthermore, if I do decide to build the web application I can use Flash for illustrative purposes.  As my developer mentioned, it's old and likely not worthy of significant time and expense but I was just curious as to what it would take to get it to run.\\\}